The wedding will take place in two months
Yes
Does Mr. Rong still want this child?
It's just a number.
One more, not much.
A lot less of him
Baby dad
It will be investigated, right?
He will find the second treasure, right?
We should trust dad, right?
Right?
It's just a number.
One more, not much.
I thought Rong
Always secretly married to Joanne
Think too much
A bitch who is entangled with my brother
What qualifications do you have to be my wife?
I love sweet
Aren't you going to save the child?
No one can threaten me
Mr. Rong, Miss Tian, will be engaged the day after tomorrow
Get married in two months
Why so Chen Su?
Tiantian is pregnant
I don't want my children to die.
Mr. Rong has a soft spot for the daughter of the Tian family
If you want girls to come ashore
I will keep you from seeing
Don't let the dragon only know
Why did you lie to me?
Did you know that Erbao was still alive?
Did you not even think about saving him?
I have my own opportunities
Your own plan
Just marry Tiantian
Have more children, right?
A woman like me doesn't deserve to have children with you at all
So the baby I have doesn't matter at all
Right so
You have to be born with a baby.
What you have to do is Zhao Guangda
Other things are not needed.
At that time, I was pregnant with
A child born through hard work
What if he were you?
Isn't it time for a divorce?
It's almost time for your engagement gift
Are you
The divorce agreement
Give it to me as reasonable.
I was sick.
If you want a divorce
I'm going out now